Update README with initial information (#2)
cisagov/cisagov: README.md

[![GitHub Build Status](https://github.com/cisagov/cisagov/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/cisagov/actions)

> Welcome to `cisagov`, the GitHub organization for CISA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to `cisagov`, the GitHub organization for the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA).
```

## Getting started with GitHub ##

>   - How do I make an account?
>   - How do I get access?
>   - How do I make a repository?
>   - Content guides & best practices

Reviewer: This should fix the linting errors:
```suggestion
- How do I make an account?
- How do I get access?
- How do I make a repository?
- Content guides & best practices
```

## Developer resources ##

> We have a [cisagov development-guide](www.github.com/cisagov/development-guide)
> repository, which contains coding standards, how to set up a development
> environment, and other information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a [cisagov development-guide](www.github.com/cisagov/development-guide)
repository, which contains coding standards, steps for setting up a development
environment, and other information.
```
